Vault 46676 update rar page (#2862)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/concepts/native-ai-agent-support/index.mdx

Rich Authorization Requests (RAR) allow OAuth tokens to include fine-grained authorization constraints in the
`authorization_details` claim. Vault uses the provided constraints to enforce

> path-level and parameter-level access control beyond what standard ACL policies provide. RAR is enabled by default and recommended for all agentic workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path-level and parameter-level access control beyond what standard ACL policies provide. Vault enables RAR by default. We strongly recommend using RAR for all agentic workflows.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
